.TH "IncomingRTPPkt" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
IncomingRTPPkt \- RTP packets received from other participants. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <rtppkt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRTPPacket\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIncomingRTPPkt\fP (const unsigned char *block, size_t len)"
.br
.RI "\fIBuild an RTP packet object from a data buffer.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisHeaderValid\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet validity of this packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetSSRC\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet synchronization source numeric identifier.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const IncomingRTPPkt &p) const"
.br
.RI "\fITwo incoming packets are equal if they come from sources with the same SSRC and have the same sequence number.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const IncomingRTPPkt &p) const"
.br
.RI "\fITwo incoming packets are not equal if they come from different sources or have different sequence numbers.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
RTP packets received from other participants.
.PP
This class is intented to construct a packet object just after every packet is received by the scheduled queue, so that they are processed in an understandable and format independent manner inside the stack.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "IncomingRTPPkt::IncomingRTPPkt (const unsigned char * block, size_t len)"
.PP
Build an RTP packet object from a data buffer.
.PP
This constructor first performs a generic RTP data packet header check, whose result can be checked via \fBisHeaderValid()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIblock\fP\fP
pointer to the buffer the whole packet is stored in. 
.TP
\fB\fIlen\fP\fP
length of the whole packet, expressed in octets.
.PP
\fBNote: \fP
.in +1c
If check fails, the packet object is incomplete. checking \fBisHeaderValid()\fP is recommended before using a new \fBRTPPacket\fP object. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 IncomingRTPPkt::getSSRC () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get synchronization source numeric identifier.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
32-bits Synchronization SouRCe numeric identifier, in host order. 
.SS "bool IncomingRTPPkt::isHeaderValid ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get validity of this packet.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
whether the header check performed at construction time ended successfully. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
