.TH "iqueue.h" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
iqueue.h \- Generic RTP input queues. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ccrtp/queuebase.h>\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBApplicationHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIApplication objects modification methods.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBConflictHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITo track addresses of sources conflicting with the local one.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBIncomingDataQueue\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIQueue for incoming RTP data packets in an RTP session.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBIncomingRTPPktLink\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIncoming RTP data packets control structure within the incoming packet queue class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMembers\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImembers and senders accounting\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMembershipBookkeeping\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIControls the group membership in the current session.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBParticipantHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBParticipant\fP objects modification methods.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSyncSourceHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSyncSource\fP objects modification methods.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSyncSourceLink\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISynchronization Source internal handler within the incoming packets queue.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSyncSourcesIterator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIiterator through the list of synchronizations sources in this session\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Generic RTP input queues.
.PP
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
