.TH "MembershipBookkeeping" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MembershipBookkeeping \- Controls the group membership in the current session. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iqueue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSyncSourceHandler\fP, \fBParticipantHandler\fP, \fBApplicationHandler\fP, \fBConflictHandler\fP, and \fBMembers\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBIncomingDataQueue\fP\fC [protected]\fP.
.PP
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMembershipBookkeeping\fP (uint32 initialSize=defaultMembersHashSize)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe initial size is a hint to allocate the resources needed in order to keep the members' identifiers and associated information.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~MembershipBookkeeping\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPurges all RTPSource structures created during the session, as well as the hash table and the list of sources.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSyncSourceLink\fP * \fBgetLink\fP (const \fBSyncSource\fP &source) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisMine\fP (const \fBSyncSource\fP &source) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet whether a synchronization source is recorded in this membership controller.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisRegistered\fP (uint32 ssrc)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns whether there is already a synchronizacion source with 'ssrc' SSRC identifier.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSyncSourceLink\fP * \fBgetSourceBySSRC\fP (uint32 ssrc, bool &created)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the description of a source by its \fCssrc\fC identifier.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBBYESource\fP (uint32 ssrc)"
.br
.RI "\fIMark the source identified by \fCssrc\fP as having sent a BYE packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBremoveSource\fP (uint32 ssrc)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the description of the source identified by \fCssrc\fP.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMembersCount\fP (uint32 n)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Controls the group membership in the current session.
.PP
For now, this class implements only a hash table of members, but its design and relation with other classes is intented to support group membership sampling in case scalability problems arise.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "MembershipBookkeeping::MembershipBookkeeping (uint32 initialSize = defaultMembersHashSize)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
The initial size is a hint to allocate the resources needed in order to keep the members' identifiers and associated information.
.PP
Although ccRTP will reallocate resources when it becomes necessary, a good hint may save a lot of unpredictable time penalties.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIinitialSize\fP\fP
an estimation of how many participants the session will consist of. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "bool MembershipBookkeeping::BYESource (uint32 ssrc)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Mark the source identified by \fCssrc\fP as having sent a BYE packet.
.PP
It is not deleted until a timeout expires, so that in case some packets from this source arrive a bit later the source is not inserted again in the table of known sources.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
true if the source had been previously identified. false if it was not in the table of known sources. 
.SS "\fBSyncSourceLink\fP* MembershipBookkeeping::getSourceBySSRC (uint32 ssrc, bool & created)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Get the description of a source by its \fCssrc\fC identifier.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIssrc\fP\fP
SSRC identifier, in network order.  
.TP
\fB\fIcreated\fP\fP
whether a new source has been created. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
Pointer to the \fBSyncSource\fP object identified by \fCssrc\fC. 
.SS "bool MembershipBookkeeping::removeSource (uint32 ssrc)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Remove the description of the source identified by \fCssrc\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
whether the source has been actually removed or it did not exist. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
