.TH "MembershipBookkeeping::IncomingRTPPktLink" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MembershipBookkeeping::IncomingRTPPktLink \- Incoming RTP data packets control structure within the incoming packet queue class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iqueue.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRecvTime\fP (const timeval &t)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the time this packet was received at.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "timeval \fBgetRecvTime\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the time this packet was received at.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetTimestamp\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet timestamp of this packet.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Incoming RTP data packets control structure within the incoming packet queue class.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 MembershipBookkeeping::IncomingRTPPktLink::getTimestamp () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get timestamp of this packet.
.PP
The timestamp of incoming packets is filtered so that the timestamp this method provides for the first packet received from every source starts from 0.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
32 bit timestamp starting from 0 for each source. 
.SS "void MembershipBookkeeping::IncomingRTPPktLink::setRecvTime (const timeval & t)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set the time this packet was received at.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIt\fP\fP
time of reception. 
.PP
\fBNote: \fP
.in +1c
this has almost nothing to do with the 32-bit timestamp contained in the packet header. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
