.TH "Participant" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Participant \- A class of objects representing remote participants (RTP applications) in a multimedia session. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <sources.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSDESItemsHolder\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetSDESItem\fP (\fBSDESItemType\fP type) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the value of an SDES item.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetPRIVPrefix\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the prefix value for the PRIV SDES item.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBParticipant\fP (const std::string &cname)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a new participant.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A class of objects representing remote participants (RTP applications) in a multimedia session.
.PP
Any RTP socket/queue class that directly or indirectly inherits from \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP (and hence has RTCP support) will represent participants from which any RTP or RTCP packet has been received through a Participant object. These Participant objects are entities such as end systems (user applications, monitors, etc), RTP mixers and RTP translators.
.PP
Participant objects are identified by a CNAME and provide access to all known data about the source of RTP/RTCP packets, such as the CNAME and any other SDES item. Each participant object is related to one or more synchronization objects (
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBSyncSource\fP).If an RTP application based on ccRTP receives packets from itself (for instance, it is included in the destination list), there will be a Participant object that corresponds to the 'local participant' (\fBRTPApplication\fP) object.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org>
.PP
\fBTodo: \fP
.in +1c
 implement reference counting from sources, so that when a source is destroyed, we know if the Participant should be destroyed.  
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Participant::Participant (const std::string & cname)"
.PP
Construct a new participant.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIcname\fP\fP
Unique CNAME identifier. 
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "const std::string& Participant::getPRIVPrefix () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the prefix value for the PRIV SDES item.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
PRIV SDES item prefix as a string. 
.PP
\fBReturn values: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIempty\fP\fP
string when no PRIV SDES item has been received from this source. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBSDESItemsHolder\fP.
.SS "const std::string& Participant::getSDESItem (\fBSDESItemType\fP type) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the value of an SDES item.
.PP
For instance, getSDESItem(SDESItemTypeCNAME), return the CNAME of this Participant.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fItype\fP\fP
type of SDES item to get value of.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
value of the SDES item as a string.  
.PP
\fBReturn values: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIempty\fP\fP
string when the value is not known (no RTCP packet with the requested SDES item has been received from this source). 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
