.TH "PayloadFormat" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PayloadFormat \- Base payload format class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <formats.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBDynamicPayloadFormat\fP, and \fBStaticPayloadFormat\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPayloadType\fP \fBgetPayloadType\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetRTPClockRate\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet RTP clock rate for this payload format.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPayloadFormat\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPayloadFormat must not be used but as base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PayloadFormat\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPayloadFormat must not be used but as base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPayloadType\fP (\fBPayloadType\fP pt)"
.br
.RI "\fISet payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRTPClockRate\fP (uint32 rate)"
.br
.RI "\fISet RTP clock rate.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Base payload format class.
.PP
The properties of a payload format that, as an RTP stack, ccRTP takes into account are the payload type (numeric identifier) and the RTP clock rate.
.PP
This is a base class for both \fBStaticPayloadFormat\fP and \fBDynamicPayloadFormat\fP.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBPayloadType\fP PayloadFormat::getPayloadType () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
payload type numeric identifier. 
.SS "uint32 PayloadFormat::getRTPClockRate () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get RTP clock rate for this payload format.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
RTP clock rate in Hz. 
.SS "void PayloadFormat::setPayloadType (\fBPayloadType\fP pt)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Set payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIpt\fP\fP
payload type number. 
.SS "void PayloadFormat::setRTPClockRate (uint32 rate)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Set RTP clock rate.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIrate\fP\fP
RTP clock rate in Hz. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
