.TH "rtcppkt.h" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rtcppkt.h \- RTCP packets handling. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ccrtp/base.h>\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBNACKPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for Negative ACKnowledgements (NACK) RTCP packet. Specific for H.261 sessions (see RFC 2032).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBFIRPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for Full Intra-frame Request (FIR) RTCP packet. Specific for H.261 sessions (see RFC 2032).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAPPPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for APP (application specific) RTCP packets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBBYEPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for BYE (leaving session) RTCP packets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRecvReport\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIraw structure of the source and every receiver report in an SR or RR RTCP packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRRBlock\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for a receiver info block in a SR (sender report) or an RR (receiver report) RTCP packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBReceiverInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for the data contained in a receiver info block.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPCompoundHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIlow level structs and RTCP packet parsing and building methods.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSenderInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for the sender info block in a SR (sender report) RTCP packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSendReport\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for SR (sender report) RTCP packets.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSDESItem\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for an item description of a SDES packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSDESChunk\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for a chunk of items in a SDES RTCP packet.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPFixedHeader\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFixed RTCP packet header.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPSenderInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISender block information of SR RTCP reports.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBSDESItemType\fP { \fBSDESItemTypeEND\fP =  0, \fBSDESItemTypeCNAME\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeNAME\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeEMAIL\fP, \fBSDESItemTypePHONE\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeLOC\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeTOOL\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeNOTE\fP, \fBSDESItemTypePRIV\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeH323CADDR\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeLast\fP =  SDESItemTypeH323CADDR }"
.br
.RI "\fISDES items that may be carried in a Source DEScription RTCP packet.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "timeval \fBNTP2Timeval\fP (uint32 msw, uint32 lsw)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a NTP timestamp, expressed as two 32-bit long words, into a timeval value.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBtimevalIntervalTo65536\fP (timeval &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a time interval, expressed as a timeval, into a 32-bit time interval expressed in units of 1/65536 seconds.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
RTCP packets handling.
.PP
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
