.TH "RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket \- Struct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <rtcppkt.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBType\fP { \fBtSR\fP =  200, \fBtRR\fP, \fBtSDES\fP, \fBtBYE\fP, \fBtAPP\fP, \fBtFIR\fP =  192, \fBtNACK\fP =  193, \fBtXR\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBrtp.h\fP cc++/rtp.h\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetLength\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the packet length specified in its header, in octets and in host order.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetSSRC\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the SSRC identifier specified in the packet header, in host order.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPFixedHeader\fP \fBfh\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFixed RTCP header.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "union {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBinfo\fP"
.br
.RI ""
.br
.RI "\fIUnion for SR, RR, SDES, BYE and APP.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Struct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network.
.PP
This struct consists of a fixed header, always at the beginning of any RTCP packet, and a union for all the RTCP packet types supported. 
.PP
.SH "MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "enum RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::Type"
.PP
\fBrtp.h\fP cc++/rtp.h
.PP
RTCP packet types. They are registered with IANA. 
.PP
\fBEnumeration values: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fI\fItSR\fP \fP\fP
Sender Report.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItRR\fP \fP\fP
Receiver Report.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItSDES\fP \fP\fP
Source DEScription.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItBYE\fP \fP\fP
End of participation.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItAPP\fP \fP\fP
APPlication specific.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItFIR\fP \fP\fP
Full Intra-frame request.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItNACK\fP \fP\fP
Negative ACK.
.TP
\fB\fI\fItXR\fP \fP\fP
Extended Report.


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
