.TH "RTPApplication" 3 "9 Jun 2003" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTPApplication \- An RTP application, holding identifying RTCP SDES item values. Represents local participants. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <sources.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSDESItemsHolder\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTPApplication\fP (const std::string &cname)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new RTP application.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPRIVPrefix\fP (const std::string &val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetPRIVPrefix\fP () const"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
An RTP application, holding identifying RTCP SDES item values. Represents local participants.
.PP
An application in the context of RTP: an entity that has a CNAME (unique identifier in the form of user@host.domain) as well as other RTCP SDES items (such as NAME or TOOL), and may open a number of RTP sessions. Each application is a different source of synchronization (with a potentially diferent SSRC identifier) in each RTP session it participates. All the sources of synchronization from a participant are tied together by means of the CNAME.
.PP
The definition of this class allows applications based on ccRTP to implement several 'RTP applications' in the same process. Each object of this class represents a local participant.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "RTPApplication::RTPApplication (const std::string & cname)"
.PP
Create a new RTP application.
.PP
If the CNAME string provided has zero length, it is guessed from the user and machine name.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIcname\fP\fP
Local participant canonical name. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
